When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Remote repository would be beneficial to use when you are collaborating with multiple users
or if you like to use multiple devices to work on projects.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Manual pull would be more desirable because it allows you to control the changes that occur to your local repository.
If this was an automatic process, then you may lose work if, perhaps, the file pulled was being edited on the local
machine.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

forks copies one GitHub repository to another GitHub repository. It is used when you would like to add someone's
repository to your own account so you can make changes without affecting the original.

clones copies a repository (remote or local) to your local machine. It is used when you would like a copy
of a repository on your local machine

branches creates a new node from the master, where changes to it do not immediately affect the project. It is used
when you would like to add a new feature to an existing project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

This allows the user to know whether there current local repository is up to date with the
remote repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Collaboration without Git or GitHub would be very difficult. It would be so much harder to keep track
of the different changes to files. It would be harder to compare changes to files and resolve
conflicting changes. What would be easier is that you would not have to learn the various order of
git commands and terminology.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would want to use branches when you do not want to make direct changes to the master (ie. you are testing a new feature) and
would like your colleagues to check out the changes before they are ultimately added to the master. The benefit of this is that
you can easily manage conflicts. The benefit of working directly on the master is that you do no need to take additional steps
to resolve conflicts.

